{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In addition to the questions that were part of an old final that is attached to this email (in PDF format), I encourage you to attempt the questions at the end of Chapters 11 and Chapter 12 of Computer Systems: A Programmer's perspective.\
\
Many questions  involve writing code and testing it (e.g. modifying the Tiny web server and testing to see if your modification works by using a web browser as a client).\
\
The questions on the final exam may ask you to write pseudo-code or explain how you would modify some code provided to you as part of a question. So it would be helpful for you to attempt the questions involving writing code (i.e. to think about the code you would need to write).\
\
Finally, there are some additional review questions below.\
\
-SS\
\
\
REVIEW QUESTIONS\
-------------------------------\
\
Discuss the pros and cons of stateless vs. stateful servers.\
Is HTTP 1.0 stateful or stateless? How about HTTP 1.1?\
Discuss the performance problems associated with HTTP 1.0. Are all these problems resolved in HTTP 1.1? Explain.\
Discuss how and why cookies are used with HTTP.\
Discuss why binary files can be transmitted without ASCII encoding for HTTP but need to be encoded into ASCII for email (SMTP).\
What is meant by "at most once" and "at least once" RPC semantics? How can the underlying RPC protocol provide "at least once" semantics? How can it provide "at most once" semantics?\
"It is impossible to implement exactly-once RPC semantics". Do you agree or disagree with this statement? If you disagree, explain how your RPC protocol would provide these semantics. If you agree, explain why you think it would be impossible to provide these semantics.\
What are the implications of "at least once" semantics for the design of applications that use RPC.\
In RMI, how do you know if an object will be passed by reference or whether it will be passed by value?}